[docs] Add Turso to local first (#36082)
expo/expo: docs/pages/guides/local-first.mdx

  title="Watch: How to build local-first native apps with LiveStore and Expo"
/>

### Turso

> [Turso](https://turso.tech) is a modern database service built on SQLite. It now supports [Offline Sync](https://turso.tech/blog/turso-offline-sync-public-beta), which enables true local-first experiences. You can sync databases between local and remote sources with bidirectional sync and built-in conflict detection. While automatic conflict resolution isn’t available yet, this feature is still a major step forward. You can use Turso today with [expo-sqlite](/versions/latest/sdk/sqlite). To learn more, read the [Turso: Offline Sync Public Beta](https://turso.tech/blog/turso-offline-sync-public-beta) blog post. For an example integration, check out the [Notes App](https://github.com/betomoedano/notes-app).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Turso](https://turso.tech) is a modern database service built on SQLite. It now supports [Offline Sync](https://turso.tech/blog/turso-offline-sync-public-beta), which enables true local-first experiences. You can sync databases between local and remote sources with bidirectional sync and built-in conflict detection. While automatic conflict resolution isn't available yet, this feature is still a major step forward. You can use Turso today with [expo-sqlite](/versions/latest/sdk/sqlite). To learn more, read the [Turso: Offline Sync Public Beta](https://turso.tech/blog/turso-offline-sync-public-beta) blog post. For an example integration, check out the [Notes App](https://github.com/betomoedano/notes-app).
```

Looks like Vale does not like the decoration quote char.
